doc/kanban/P0.md, before:

# Otherworld - P0 Task board

Steps to complete before Phase 0 complete

### Backlog (Other)

- [ ] Enemy spawner entity that requires a generic tick timer (refactor animation). Enemy spawner responds to enemy death events and respawns them.  
- [ ] Enemies can attack player by going towards them by finding player through the important entities service and using the interaction service to determine whether it can hit the player.  
- [ ] UI renders player health.  
- [ ] Proper loading screen and resource loading from JSON  
- [ ] Proper deployment to micro AWS  
- [ ] Better in-game background song  
- [ ] Player hurt animation  
- [ ] Dev mode / God mode controls for viewing maps  

### In Progress

- [ ] Enemy attack animation and attacked animation  

### Done ✓

- [x] Basic physics service to stop enemies colliding  
- [x] Enemy walking animation  
- [x] Basic player movement, speed, headbobbing etc. Player should respond to user input in a nice way.  
- [x] Player can attack entities using some sort of interaction service that entities register themselves to. Interaction service determines what entity can be attacked by the player and either prioritises one or fetches all for sweep attacks.  
- [x] Service for fetching map or player entities. Service locator should be able to serve this so that the UI and other services can respond. Might also have to do this with events.  
- [x] Single place that the game content is initialised from, including camera entities etc.  
- [x] UI renders sword and hitting animation.  
- [x] Downsample UI for retro effect.  
- [x] Commands should be able to access player directly via some Entity get service and/or fire events to the world/entity.  
- [x] User input command system. Takes a context and provides an execute function.

Commit message:

Part the way through adding resource manifest

doc/kanban/P0.md, after:

# Otherworld - P0 Task board

Steps to complete before Phase 0 complete

### Backlog (Other)

- [ ] Enemy spawner entity that requires a generic tick timer (refactor animation). Enemy spawner responds to enemy death events and respawns them.  
- [ ] Enemies can attack player by going towards them by finding player through the important entities service and using the interaction service to determine whether it can hit the player.  
- [ ] UI renders player health.  
- [ ] Proper deployment to micro AWS  
- [ ] Better in-game background song  
- [ ] Player hurt animation  
- [ ] Dev mode / God mode controls for viewing maps  
- [ ] When player dies, reset world  
- [ ] Keep best score kill count on top right of game  
- [ ] Render fps and budget in UI  

### In Progress

- [ ] Enemy attack animation and attacked animation  

### Done ✓

- [x] Basic physics service to stop enemies colliding  
- [x] Enemy walking animation  
- [x] Basic player movement, speed, headbobbing etc. Player should respond to user input in a nice way.  
- [x] Player can attack entities using some sort of interaction service that entities register themselves to. Interaction service determines what entity can be attacked by the player and either prioritises one or fetches all for sweep attacks.  
- [x] Service for fetching map or player entities. Service locator should be able to serve this so that the UI and other services can respond. Might also have to do this with events.  
- [x] Single place that the game content is initialised from, including camera entities etc.  
- [x] UI renders sword and hitting animation.  
- [x] Downsample UI for retro effect.  
- [x] Commands should be able to access player directly via some Entity get service and/or fire events to the world/entity.  
- [x] User input command system. Takes a context and provides an execute function.
